[IMP] accounting: update batch payments (#3958)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/accounting/receivables/customer_payments/batch.rst

Batch payments: Batch deposits (checks, cash etc.)

> ==================================================

Reviewer: New title proposition: "Batch payments by bank deposit"
--> not sure we should specify it concerns checks, cash etc...

A **Batch Deposit** groups multiple payments in a single batch. This allows depositing several
payments into your bank account with a single action. It can be advantageous to deposit any cash and
check transactions rapidly.

This feature lets you list several customer payments and print a deposit slip. It contains the
details of the transactions and a reference to the batch deposit. You can then select this reference
during a bank reconciliation to match the single bank statement line with all the transactions

> listed in the batch deposit.

Reviewer: I would simplify. Proposal:
A **batch deposit** is a convenient way to group multiple payments and deposit them into your bank account simultaneously. It saves time and effort, especially when dealing with cash and checks. With this feature, you can list multiple customer payments, generate a detailed deposit slip with a batch reference, and use this reference during bank reconciliation to easily match your bank statement lines with the transactions in the batch deposit.

Configuration
=============

To activate the feature, go to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Settings -->
Customer Payments`, activate :guilabel:`Batch Payments`.

.. note::

>    Your main bank accounts are automatically configured to process batch payments when you activate

Reviewer: Not sure we should add this as a Note. If we speak about the Main bank accounts, what does it mean for the other ones?

Record payments to deposit in batch
-----------------------------------

> You can register a received payment by opening the corresponding customer invoice, and clicking on
> :guilabel:`Register Payment`.
> There, select the appropriate :guilabel:`Journal` linked to your bank account and select
> :guilabel:`Batch Deposit` as Payment Method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To register a payment, open the corresponding customer invoice, and click on
:guilabel:`Register Payment`. A window pops up. Select the appropriate :guilabel:`Journal` linked to your bank account and select
:guilabel:`Batch Deposit` as the Payment Method.
```

.. image:: batch/batch-payments.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Registering a customer payment as part of a Batch Deposit in Odoo Accounting

> Do this step for all checks or payments you want to process in batch.

Reviewer: I would remove this sentence from here and include it above (as suggested above)

Add payments to a Batch Deposit
-------------------------------

To add the payments to a Batch Deposit, go to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Customers --> Batch
Payments`, and click on :guilabel:`New`. Next, select the Bank and Payment Method, then click on

> :guilabel:`Add a line`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Payments`, and click on :guilabel:`New`. Next, select the  :guilabel:`Bank` and  :guilabel:`Batch Deposite` as  :guilabel:`Payment Method`.

.. image:: batch/batch-customer-payment.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Filling out a new Inbound Batch Payment form on Odoo Accounting

Reviewer: The image should reflect "batch deposit"

> Select all payments to include in the current Batch Deposit and click on :guilabel:`Select`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on  :guilabel:`Add a line` and select the payments to include in the Batch Deposit. When all your payments are chosen, click on :guilabel:`Select`.
```

.. image:: batch/batch-lines-selection.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Selection of all payments to include in the Batch Deposit

> Once done, click on :guilabel:`Validate` to finalize your Batch Deposit. You can then click on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once done, click on :guilabel:`Validate` to finalize your batch deposit. You can then click on
```

:guilabel:`Print` to download a PDF file to include with the deposit slip.

Bank Reconciliation
-------------------

Once the bank transactions are on your database, you can reconcile the bank statement lines with the
batch payment reference. To do so, go to the Accounting dashboard and clicking on
:guilabel:`Reconcile Items` on the related bank account. In the bank statement line, the invoices
and payments are going to be matched. To display more options, open the :guilabel:`Batch Payments`

> tab, and you can choose the related batch payment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the bank transactions are on your database, you can reconcile the bank statement lines with the
batch payment reference. To do so, go to the accounting dashboard and click
:guilabel:`Reconcile Items` on the related bank account. In the bank statement line, the invoices
and payments are matched. To display more options, open the :guilabel:`Batch Payments`
tab, and you can choose the related batch payment. Click :guilabel:`Validate` to finalize the process.
